Hear what is a guy I want KMAX and now you can see that we're totally done with the forums section.
OK.
We have now got the basic understanding of how forum works and how everything works.
So in this one you will be working up on wed the social networking Web site.
OK.
So I'm going to show you how the social networking sites work how people can interact with each other
how these people can just send notifications to each other and you can see how this not to forget or
not notifications.
But the friend requests if I just open up this you can see the sky back he has mentioned me in a common
that says thank you so much.
NZL and I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to favorite.
OK.
So if I just want to send a friend request this how can I send it if I wanted to send a public message
not a private message if I want to send a private message to him.
How can I send a private message.
OK.
So I have to make sure that I can do that.
And I want to do that.
So we have to basically work with our site settings and then we can do that.
OK.
So let's get started.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to go to the dashboard let's open this up in a new job
to just a word for that and also see the changes here that we are making.
So you can see this is where my profile right now if I just go to a profile you can see I have just
my name.
OK.
I can change it.
I can change my name.
I can change my profile photo as well.
OK I can change his disguise profile photo OK.
I have a supply with it.
And then that photo will be uploaded so I'm just going to go to
this right here.
OK.
So this is being uploaded right now.
And you can see that.
Now I have to crop this image so I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm just going to crop this image OK and I'm going to add cropping mange so he can see this I mean just
right here.
TALKBACK.
OK.
So I have this cover right here.
I can also change the cover image and I can see this is exactly like Facebook.
This is the Facebook style.
Or you can say basically it's a Twitter style so I can just also add a cover photo as well so you can
see this is being uploaded.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit upload right now and this will be here so we can see
your new cover image was successfully uploaded.
And this is right here.
So you can see if I just go to activity right now and then here would be like and and determined changed
their profile picture.
A few seconds ago.
So anyone can see it than they would they can just favorite it.
They can just commandeered and something like that.
So let's get started and let's just work.
So you guys have the basic experience but Facebook I hope that you guys are on Facebook Facebook is
the best social networking Web site.
I'm not comparing it for them but still I'm just telling you that we are creating a social networking
site where people can interact with each other.
They get social.
So this is what I mean.
OK.
So what we have to do is that we need to go to
the body process in the setting steps.
You have to just hope where your mouth is here and then you have to hit the press but the press is the
plug in that we installed for the social networking and the beby press was the plug in that we installed
for for him.
OK.
So this is how you can just differentiate them.
This is the body press you can see and extend extended profile.
Customize your community with fully editable profiles that allow users to describe themselves.
Sure I want that and then I have the account settings allow users to modify their account in notification
settings directly from the vendor profiles.
Yes friend connections let your users make connections so they can track the activity of others and
focus on the people they care about the most.
This means that if anyone post a comment and they are in the friends he's going to he's going to get
a notification or he's going to get in the activity that sais that and they say that.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to activate that functionality OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I am going to just select this and I'm going to save settings.
OK.
So just clicking this you can see that I just come here and I just refresh this member who is attacking
backy and he's Trackback.
OK.
I can just add this add him as a friend.
So if I just click here he can see the request would be sent.
I can also cancel the friendship request so I'm the teacher and I'm sending my student request.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to refresh it.
So on refreshing it can see that I also have a profile picture.
OK.
And I also have this you have a friend friendship request from Danegeld.
If this guy opens up he can just come here and then he is going to accept that he concedes.
Then Ziel view member and I'm just going to accept.
And this guy is going to be accepted.
So then Ziel is now de-friend friend of this Trackback.
OK.
So this is what I mean.
I'm just gonna come here and I'm going to add one more.
And that is the private messaging allow users to talk to each other directly and in private.
Not limited to one on one discussions.
Messages can be seen between any number between any number of numbers so I'm going to check this and
I'm going to set it to save the setting so this means there Vivyan to allow people to just talk to each
other.
So if this guy is if I just come here and I just go to the home page.
Ok this is a home page.
So I come here and again sieged says Peggy accepted a friendship request I'm going to say oh my god
thank you.
And
so he can see you back.
The active member Kancil friendship.
I can just view his profile as well OK.
He's an active member and this is like this so he has to say he is seeing Hey man how are you.
I'm just gonna open his profile up and see OK.
He's my friend.
You can also consider a friendship with him.
If if if if he got get a fight and we say OK you know what.
You are not friends.
OK.
I don't want you I don't need you and you just go to hell.
So I was going to cancel friendship and the friendship is going to be canceled.
So now we're not friends.
OK.
So this is how it breaks in and I can also just private message him and I'm just going to abuse him
and he's going to sell him and do so and do this means that I have to just enter the username and this
will be sent to them so I have this one message right here.
OK.
And then I have the subject on we are not friends anymore.
So now here I want to enter something so I'm going to enter
I need a break.
OK.
I don't know what I'm in.
Just now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to send a message so you can see this message is going
to be sent to him.
Message to send so you can see it.
It is like this.
We're not friends anymore.
This is the message.
This is a message subject.
And then here it is.
This is basically kind of like an e-mail based message like if he if he go to Gmail right now and then
he go up you can see that G.M. how G.M. works G.M. works on that like this.
OK.
If I want to reply to any one like if I want to reply to this I can just come here and I can reply to
it.
Then the person will reply.
He'll just come here and he will reply.
This is how this G.M. works.
OK so this is kind of like a G.M. not not just saying but it just kind of like.
So if someone just come here and he's just here you'll see this this.
This right here.
You don't deal send you a new private message is going to come your and it is we're not friends anymore
what what what.
Why OK.
So this guy's right here saying the canonization but mean than zeal.
And so if if this guy just go through the messages itself then you can see in the message from zeal
and the subject is this and that.
So I can just unreal that I can make it.
The first message is like I can make a feature feature too.
It will be the first message that I have to see always reply in some like that.
So that's how it works.
They also have to send one
so I have sent two deaths like it really you're not friends anymore.
So this is how it works.
OK.
I can even compose it.
So if I just wanted to be like this and I can just add NZL So I just want Anthony OK.
I just going to add his user name.
OK.
And
OK Anthony Ziel or now here I want to add I miss you ok.
I want to
OK here and now here I want to add the subject so this subject is going to be hello OK.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit send.
As you can see I have entered an invalid username art.
OK let me open the seals profile and then let me just and send them a message.
I'm just gonna open up the profile.
I don't know why I cannot just do it like that.
My infinity is in it and I'm going to get private message so now I'm going to enter the subject so subject
is going to be
OK.
So I'm just saying them go to hell.
And I just sent him send a message.
So this is right here and made it successfully.
So if the deal will open up his account his account and he'll be like oh ok my student is just stitching
me dad and I.
And now I'm just going to open his profile and then I am going to basically OK let's just come here.
Let's just get married and you can see it's not take it to to read bage
and you don't open this up.
GDH OK.
So let's just say this subject.
So we have to had this subject to open up the message.
Hey I just figured out how to just open up the message so it.
OK.
You are spam now OK.
And I'm going to hit send reply so you can see the reply is being sent so this is how this works I can't
get any of the featured.
I can make it like that.
So this is how it works.
OK so now in the forum you can see that if I just go to forums right here then you can see forum topic
started.
So in my mind say you can see this was a topic that was started by me.
So now I'm just going to go to settings right now and you can see that here is the settings.
Here is the email and here will also be the profile profile activity.
So you can see Send an e-mail notice when a member joins when a member mentioned this this this so you
can see this is how you can manage it pretty well.
Seems like Facebook and Facebook if you go to profile settings and then you have to see these changes
that you can make.
So this is how it works.
So now here let's just come here and we have the activity streams.
Activity is like Facebook so if you just go to Facebook home page OK.
If I just open this Facebook home page then you can see this is all the activity that is coming.
So this is all the activities that are like the pages that I have like are some of the sponsored content
here.
And if I just go down and I have the pages so I mostly get the pages that I like.
OK you can see none of the friends have disposed a status or shared anything.
Let's go down till I find something.
OK.
This is the one.
So if this is my friend OK.
He's in my friend list.
OK so this guy status is also coming I can just like and I can commentate or I can do anything.
So this is how Facebook is working.
OK.
Seemed like that the activity is working OK.
So if I just go to the pages right now and then I go to all pages so I don't know why there's something
itching in my nose I don't know why.
OK so here in the activity if I just open this up that you can see here it is so here's everything.
Take me back you change your profile picture.
I'm not going to say OK well I'm going to favorite it.
It's going to show the activity of everything that has that is coming to our website and what is and
it is also the status option right here.
I can just say hello everyone.
I really
like zealots classis
OK and I'm going to hit post today so you can see this is right here.
So this is right.
OK I'm just talking about myself I really like these glasses.
OK so you can see this is how it works.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to just close my top so that no notifications comes up.
So now we have the notifications notifications you guys already know about it.
I think more than myself.
So now I have that user group so allows users to organize themselves into specific public private or
hidden sections that separate activity streams and member listing.
What this means is that user if you just go to Facebook dot com.
OK.
So then on clicking the Facebook dot com we have so many scripts.
OK you guys already know about it so if I just go to any of the group I can just move on.
So like I have some of the crops like if I am in this.
OK.
Like education education this is a group.
And here is the person who is the administrator.
And then here are the people who are coming here.
Everything related to the education.
So I if I if I if I want to give a test like here I can just go there and I can just tell him that tell
them I ask the people that event is the admission form skimming or something like that.
So this is how it works ok.
I'm just going to click here and now I'm going to close this down.
So now you can see this is exactly the same as the copilot did say so if you want to be allowed to dislike
users can just create groups and then you just check it out.
OK so will just give them more access ability they can organize themselves into some criteria.
OK and the last we have is the site cracking recall activity for new post and comments for your site
so you just have to select this is all.
And then we have the buddy press corps and we have the community members everything in a press community
revolves around its members.
Okay I'm just going to save settings right now.
OK and everything has been changed.
So now I'm going to go to the pages right now.
And here in the pages we have this member section we have this activity section and we also have now
a cross section if I just open up the cross section you can see that I can create Krups OK.
There were no groups found.
OK.
Last active nothing.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to create a new group since I have two members in my that is what we say in my profile or
in my social I'm working up say that is why I have a little neon light.
My friend who has that backpack.
So I'm just gonna enter my name and that will be verb developers.
OK.
Or just create an alert for like students off class
9 B.
OK.
So here description.
You can enter your rules here about this.
That tag group means taking this like only
students of the above mentioned class will be allowed to enter this group.
So since I'm creating this group I am the admin.
OK I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to create a group and.
And here you go.
You can see it says this.
This is a private group only you can see that there are the privacy options so you can see public from
any site member can join this group.
No we just want the users who are like the students of class 9 B.
They can also tell what I'm going to do I'm just going to select this as a private group that isn't
available or sit in the cribs directly and search results.
This group will be listed in the groups directly and insertion results.
That's one.
So this one I should be going up because Darnton activity will be visible to the members of this group
so.
And then we have the group in predations of which members of this group are allowed to invite others
or group members group admins and moderators only group admins only.
So I'm just going to select group admins the moderators obviously and I'm going to hit next steps so
it's in the future the next step.
And there I have the forum.
So create a discussion forum to allow members of this group to communicate in a structured bulletin
board style fashion.
Yes I want this group to have a forum.
OK yes I'm going I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit next step and can see that here we
have the photos so I just want to upload the photo of that profile photo that describes the 90s.
So let's just upload it.
OK.
This will be right here.
I think I have to crop it.
Yes.
OK.
This is right here and just going ahead crop image
and now we have to hit next steps so the next step I have to select the cover image.
So this is all important.
OK.
I'm just going to read this and I am going to upload this one.
So this is right being uploaded.
And once it is I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit next step and then we have the might
so then we have to invite people.
OK.
I'm just going to click here and you can see that in the inmate section I have to once you have a builder
friend connections will be able to invite others to your home.
Since I don't have anyone in my friend request I just basically move back back back from my friend who
advised me just broke up so that I could not do there.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit that friend.
OK.
And now here I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to finish this.
So you can see this is a group.
This is the title.
Students of class Denby.
And here is the forum.
Here's members who are send in my €10 everything you can see this is exactly same.
Anybody can create the group then they can just enter information.
It's going to be shown to everybody.
And now we have that group admins as well.
So let me just come here and just send the friendship to him so that I want to add him here to my social
networking Web site so to to my group here it is.
You have a friend request from Dinsdale I'm going to open it up and I'm going to accept it.
So on accepting this you can see he's in my friend class so friendless study.
I'm just going to come here and I am going to Hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo go to groups.
OK.
And now I'm going to rephrase this.
You can see in the groups this is right here.
So now I'm going to refresh this and see that I am right here I am just going to go ahead and I'm going
to send invites so send invites.
Anyone want to send in my invitation to this guy.
He she she must be and my friend Naughtie he must be my friend request friend list so that I can just
send him invite so you can see this is in my invitation and this is very moving.
If I just come here and I just go to Home page you can see I'm right here.
And the member is one still one OK.
The reason is that because the back has just accepted my friend request or sorry he hasn't accepted
the request of approval or pressed for the form.
Let me just rephrases OK let me just come here to send invites
send invites so you can see an invitation has been sent.
So if I just go to members you can see nothing is here.
I'm just going to go back and.
And once I refreshed this you can see here would be two.
And it says you have a new you have an invitation to the students of class and be ok.
I think you see it OK.
This is like this to me.
This is the students of Glaston B and one one members right here.
So we're going to go ahead and I'm going to just accept that.
So in the crops it can see that I have
OK let's just come here to a membership right now not an invitation.
You can see that I have this group Citizens of Clauss Tenby.
I can even leave this group.
It is a private group and it is it has two members.
I'm just going to come here and I am just going to open this group up.
OK.
And then here I am going to add in anything so I'm going to add
I like this maybe body press plugging.
OK.
And now here I am just going to go hit and I'm going to post a date so you can see this is right here
and the page didn't load.
Ajax is working already.
So this is how it is working.
I'm just going to come here and I am going to just view my home for this specific group and again see
Taqi back is right here.
If I just go here you can see techi Becky accepted your friendship request is also coming I'm just going
to come here and I'm going to make it favorito that.
OK.
This is I'm also enjoying.
I'm going to comment that same here.
OK.
So I'm just going to hit post great now so you can see the post will be here.
So this is how it works so you can see how it is looking and if I just come here and I just go to the
home page you can see here and it has been Zele commented on one of your updates OK.
I'm just going to come here and open it up so you can see.
Same here.
I can even reply to him and I can just send him an emoji so I'm going to post-Second see this emoji
will turn into that.
OK it is not turning.
So I can see everything is totally up and running OK.
We have now done the basic things of this process.
OK.
Now the basic understanding of how everything works in the options we are just going over with them
and then we're going to move forward.
So here we have that toolbar.
So the toolbar for logged out is.
So this is called the toolbar.
If someone is not in our website then do you want to show the toolbar like here that tell you to log
into our website or something like that.
If you want to show it just select it and if you want to show it just uncheck this and it'll not be
show I can deletion allow registered members to delete their own accounts.
Yes this is very important if someone is registering that he has the right to deactivate his account
obviously.
So you have to allow them do we have OK if someone is a student then he should send an application and
then his account will be deleted so if you need some of the some of the policy for that you then you
have to take this totally depends upon you.
Then you have the profile photo uploads allowed to disturb members to upload avatars and then we have
to cover them and profile sinking we have groups creation and able groups creation for all users.
Ok this is important and you can just change it like group for uploads group cover photo of Lords and
then we have the blog and forum comments so allow activity stream commenting on blogs and for them boast
this is this is important.
OK.
If someone is commenting on our website or commenting on our blog then in the activity.
And then we have activity or to finish.
OK.
So this means that if I am in the activity OK then it'll auto refresh and everything will be coming
up here and my website will be basically running in the background.
So this is important.
But if you have low servers or if you are using free web hosting or something like that then do not
just check it because you are several Vittal be down.
So you can see now we are totally done with the buddy press.
We're done with everything right here and now Vivah will be working up in the designing of the site
which is very important and you guys are going to totally love it.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and in the next video we will be working up at the designing
top.
So Stadio tuned.
And by the.